And Aide Williams is coming around, Doctor Spivey. See to him, won't you? Here. His watch is broken and he's cut his arm.
McMurphy's eyes follow all of this. He doesn't get out of his chair. He looks puzzled again.
A 'pecking party'? I fear your quaint down-home speech is wasted on me, my friend. I have not the slightest inclination what you're talking about.
And that's just exactly what that meeting I just set through reminded me of, buddy, if you want to know the dirty truth. It reminded me of a flock of dirty chickens.
You're on our ward six hours and have already simplified all the work of Freud, Jung, and Maxwell Jones and summed it up in one analogy: it's a 'peckin' party.
Harding's face is still colorless, but he's got control of his hands again; they flip loosely before him, trying to toss off what McMurphy has been saying.
A sound comes out of his mouth like a nail being crowbarred out of a plank of green pine; Eee-eee-eee. He can't stop it.
McMurphy frowns and asks, "What about that little fart of a doctor? He might be a little slow in the head, but not so much as not to be able to see how she's taken over and what she's doing."
Up on Disturbed there's an everlasting high-pitched machine-room clatter, a prison mill stamping out license plates. And time is measured out by the di-dock, di-dock of a Ping-Pong table.
The aides got him from behind, two of them, dragged him laughing and yelling out of the dorm: "I'm starting to spin, Indian!"—then just laugh.
"What they got on the program for us now, Chief ?" he asked. "The boot? The rack? I hope nothing too strenuous, because, man, am I stove up bad!".
They're out there. Black boys in white suits peeing under the door on me, come in later and accuse me of soaking all six these pillows I'm lying on! Number six. I thought the room was a dice.
There had been times when I'd wandered around in a daze for as long as two weeks after a shock treatment, living in that foggy, jumbled blur which is a whole lot like the ragged edge of sleep, that gray zone between light and dark, or between sleeping and waking or living and dying.
"Hostile? Ma'am, I'm friendly as a pup. I haven't licked the tar out of an aide in nearly two weeks. There's been no cause to do any cuttin', now, has there?"
Me? Lord no, I don't need vitamins. I was just gettin' them for Billy Boy here. He seems to me to have a peaked look of late—tired blood, most likely.
Ellis looks down at the puddle around his feet in pure surprise. "Why, I thank you!" he says and even moves off a few steps toward the latrine before the nails pull his hands back to the wall.
Then...she sights those black boys. They're still down there together, mumbling to one another. They didn't hear her come on the ward.
"And since it is Monday, boys, why don't we get a good head start on the week by shaving poor Mr. Bromden first this morning, before the after-breakfast rush on the shaving room, and see if we can't avoid some of the-ah-disturbance he tends to cause, dont you think?
Before anybody can turn to look for me I duck back in the mop closet, jerk the door shut dark after me, hold my breath.
But this morning I have to sit in the chair and only listen to them bring him in. Still, even though I can't see him, I know he's no ordinary Admission.
He stands looking at us, rocking back in his boots, and he laughs and laughs. He laces his fingers over his belly without taking his thumbs out of his pockets.
But there are some of us Chronics that the staff made a couple of mistakes on years back, some of us who were Acutes when we came in, and got changed over.
Nobody's sure if this barrel-chested man with the scar and the wild grin is playacting or if he's crazy enough to be just like he talks, or both, but they are all beginning to get a big kick out of going along with him.
He says he was just a wanderer and logging bum before the Army took him and taught him what his natural bent was; just like they taught some men to goldbrick and some men to goof off, he says, they taught him to play poker.
She's carrying her woven wicker bag like the ones the Umpqua tribe sells out along the hot August highway, a bag shape of a toolbox with a hemp handle.
The least black boy and one of the bigger ones catch me before I get ten steps out of the mop closet, and drag me back to the shaving room. I don't fight or make any noise. If you yell it's just tougher on you.
The Acutes are grinning now, not so uneasy anymore, and glad that something out of the ordinary's going on.
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.
The animals of the world exist for their own reasons. They were not made for humans any more than black people were made for white, or women created for men.
Wasn't that the point of the book? For women to realize, We are just two people. Not that much separates us. Not nearly as much as I'd thought.
I've spent years living safely to secure a longer life, and look where that's gotten me. I'm at the finish line but I never ran the race.
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
I believe that everything happens for a reason. People change so that you can learn to let go, things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right, you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
I love you without knowing how, or when, or from where. I love you simply, without problems or pride: I love you in this way because I do not know any other way of loving but this, in which there is no I or you, so intimate that your hand upon my chest is my hand, so intimate that when I fall asleep your eyes close.
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go...
Sometimes, you read a book and it fills you with this weird evangelical zeal, and you become convinced that the shattered world will never be put back together unless and until all living humans read the book.
I am nothing special, of this I am sure. I am a common man with common thoughts and I've led a common life. There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten, but I've loved another with all my heart and soul, and to me, this has always been enough..